fixed msvc versions (#2314)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/tools/cmake/cmaketoolchain.rst

  generator and the CMake toolchain file. The CMake generator will be deduced from the current Conan compiler settings:

  - For ``settings.compiler="Visual Studio"``, the CMake generator is a direct mapping of ``compiler.version``, as this version represents the IDE version, not the compiler version.

>   - For ``settings.compiler=msvc``, the CMake generator will be by default the one of the Visual Studio that introduced this compiler version (``msvc 190`` => ``Visual Studio 14``, ``msvc 191`` => ``Visual Studio 15``, etc). This can be changed, using the ``tools.microsoft.msbuild:vs_version`` [conf] configuration. If it is defined, that Visual Studio version will be used as the CMake generator, and the specific compiler version and toolset will be defined in the ``conan_toolchain.cmake`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For ``settings.compiler=msvc``, the applied CMake generator will be, by default, the Visual Studio that introduced the specified `settings.compiler.version`. e.g: (``settings.compiler.version = 190`` => ``Visual Studio 14``, ``settings.compiler.version =  191`` => ``Visual Studio 15``, etc). This can be changed, using the ``tools.microsoft.msbuild:vs_version`` [conf] configuration. If it is defined, that Visual Studio version will be used as the CMake generator, and the specific compiler version and toolset will be defined in the ``conan_toolchain.cmake`` file..
```

>   - For ``settings.compiler=msvc``, the CMake generator will be by default the one of the Visual Studio that introduced this compiler version (``msvc 190`` => ``Visual Studio 14``, ``msvc 19.1`` => ``Visual Studio 15``, etc). This can be changed, using the ``tools.microsoft.msbuild:vs_version`` [conf] configuration. If it is defined, that Visual Studio version will be used as the CMake generator, and the specific compiler version and toolset will be defined in the ``conan_toolchain.cmake`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For ``settings.compiler=msvc``, the CMake generator will be by default the one of the Visual Studio that introduced this compiler version (``msvc 190`` => ``Visual Studio 14``, ``msvc 191`` => ``Visual Studio 15``, etc). This can be changed, using the ``tools.microsoft.msbuild:vs_version`` [conf] configuration. If it is defined, that Visual Studio version will be used as the CMake generator, and the specific compiler version and toolset will be defined in the ``conan_toolchain.cmake`` file.
```
